Updates to About page (#1033)
holoviz/panel: doc/about.rst

About
=====

Panel is completely open source, available under a BSD license freely for both commercial and non-commercial use. Panel was originally developed with the support of `Anaconda Inc. <https://anaconda.com>`_, and is now maintained by Anaconda developers and community contributors.

Panel is part of the `HoloViz <https://holoviz.org>`_ family of tools. The `holoviz.org <https://holoviz.org>`_ website shows how to use Panel together with other libraries to solve complex problems, with detailed tutorials and examples. You can see a variety of projects using Panel at `examples.pyviz.org <https://examples.pyviz.org>`_, and you can compare Panel to other available tools at `pyviz.org <https://pyviz.org>`_.

> If you have any questions or usage issues visit the `Panel Discourse <https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel/`_ site. If you are interested in contributing to Panel development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/panel/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/developer_guide/index.html>`_ to set up your development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or usage issues visit the `Panel Discourse <https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel/>`_ site. If you are interested in contributing to Panel development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/panel/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/developer_guide/index.html>`_ to set up your development environment.
```

About
=====

Panel is completely open source, available under a BSD license freely for both commercial and non-commercial use.

> Panel is part of the `HoloViz <https://holoviz.org>`_ family of tools. The `holoviz.org <https://holoviz.org>`_ website shows how to use Panel together with other libraries to solve complex problems, with detailed tutorials and examples. Example projects using Panel are at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Panel is part of the `HoloViz <https://holoviz.org>`_ family of tools. The `holoviz.org <https://holoviz.org>`_ website shows how to use Panel together with other libraries to solve complex problems, with detailed tutorials and examples. You can see a variety of projects using Panel at
```

(The original wording saying that "examples projects are at" seems a bit blunt and also doesn't acknowledge that there can be many Panel projects all over the place; these are just some useful ones to check out.)

`examples.pyviz.org <https://examples.pyviz.org>`_, and you can compare Panel to other available tools at `pyviz.org <https://pyviz.org>`_.

> If you have any questions or usage issues visit the `HoloViz Discourse <https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel/`_. If you are interested in contributing to Panel development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/panel/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/developer_guide/index.html>`_ to set up your development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or usage issues visit the `Panel Discourse <https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel/`_ site. If you are interested in contributing to Panel development to help address some of the `open issues <https://github.com/holoviz/panel/issues>`_, see our `developer instructions <https://pyviz-dev.github.io/panel/developer_guide/index.html>`_ to set up your development environment.
```

(The link goes straight to the Panel section; I don't _think_ it's important to mention that it's part of the HoloViz Discourse site.)
